[docs] [DO NOT MERGE] Draft PR for memory division note on releases page for 2024.1 (#22600)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/releases/ybdb-releases/v2024.1.md

---
title: What's new in the YugabyteDB v2024.1 LTS release series
headerTitle: What's new in the YugabyteDB v2024.1 LTS release series
linkTitle: v2024.1 series (LTS)
description: Enhancements, changes, and resolved issues in the YugabyteDB v2024.1 LTS release series recommended for production deployments.
menu:
 preview_releases:
   identifier: v2024.1
   parent: ybdb-releases
   weight: 2805
rightNav:
 hideH4: true
type: docs
---

> What follows are the release notes for the YugabyteDB v2.21 release series. Content will be added as new notable features and changes are available in the patch releases of the YugabyteDB v2.21 release series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What follows are the release notes for the YugabyteDB 2024 release series. Content will be added as new notable features and changes are available in the patch releases of the YugabyteDB 2024 release series.
```

{{< /tip >}}

## v2024.1.0.0 - May 30, 2024 {#v2024.1.0.0}

**Build:** `2024.1.0.0-b1`

**Third-party licenses:** [YugabyteDB](https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/2024.1.0.0/yugabytedb-2024.1.0.0-b2-third-party-licenses.html), [YugabyteDB Anywhere](https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/2024.1.0.0/yugabytedb-anywhere-2024.1.0.0-b2-third-party-licenses.html)

### Downloads

<ul class="nav yb-pills">
  <li>
    <a href="https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/2024.1.0.0/yugabyte-2024.1.0.0-b1-darwin-x86_64.tar.gz">
      <i class="fa-brands fa-apple"></i>
      <span>macOS</span>
    </a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a href="https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/2024.1.0.0/yugabyte-2024.1.0.0-b1-linux-x86_64.tar.gz">
      <i class="fa-brands fa-linux"></i>
      <span>Linux x86</span>
    </a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a href="https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/2024.1.0.0/yugabyte-2024.1.0.0-b1-el8-aarch64.tar.gz">
      <i class="fa-brands fa-linux"></i>
      <span>Linux ARM</span>
    </a>
  </li>
</ul>

**Docker:**

```sh
docker pull yugabytedb/yugabyte:2024.1.0.0-b1
```

### Highlights

> **PostgreSQL Emulation mode**

Reviewer: the flag is 'early_access', so is the entire feature early access?
